1.1.7 (#270)
free-audio/clap: ChangeLog.md

# Changes in 1.1.7

* Add a [factory](incl/../include/clap/factory) folder for better organization.

## Draft extensions

> * [preset-discovery.h](include/clap/preset-discovery.h): new extension which allows the host to index the plugin's preset which are stored on disk.
> * [context-menu.h](include/clap/ext/dra/../draft/context-menu.h): add "title" menu entry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [context-menu.h](include/clap/ext/dra/../draft/context-menu.h): add "title" menu entry

## Draft factories

* [preset-discovery.h](include/clap/factory/draft/preset-discovery.h): new factory which allows the host to index the plugin presets which are stored on disk.
```

Reviewer: A bit off-topic: How long are old changelog hyperlinks supposed to work? Or should they rather be maintained or removed with newer versions or whenever mentioned files are moved/renamed?
In general the '..' notation might reduce the amount of maintenance work or at least extend the lifetime of the hyperlinks.

Author: They should work with the version at which they were released.
We won't update the past changelog entries after a release.

# Changes in 1.1.7

> * Add a [factory](incl/../include/clap/factory) folder for better organization and move our factories there

Reviewer 2: The path to the directory is incorrect.
